[node-manager] Fix instance documentation (#6498)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-node-manager/docs/FAQ.md

    werf.io/track-termination-mode: NonBlocking
```

## What is an Instance resource?

> An Instance resource is an implementation-independent ephemeral machine resource; for example, machines created by MachineControllerManager or Cluster API Provider Static will have a corresponding Instance resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Instance resource contains a description of an implementation-independent ephemeral machine resource. For example, machines created by MachineControllerManager or Cluster API Provider Static will have a corresponding Instance resource.
```

> The object does not contain a specification. The status contains a link to:
> 1. InstanceClass if it exists for this implementation.
> 1. To the Node kubernetes object.
> 1. Current machine status.
> 1. At the machine creation stage, information appears on how to view [machine creation logs](#how-do-i-know-what-is-running-on-a-node-while-it-is-being-created).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object does not contain a specification. The status contains:
1. A link to the InstanceClass if it exists for this implementation;
1. A link to the Kubernetes Node object;
1. Current machine status;
1. Information on how to view [machine creation logs](#how-do-i-know-what-is-running-on-a-node-while-it-is-being-created) (available at the machine creation stage).
```
